[TEACHER A]
And on that note,
don't let yourselves
get carried away.
Summer break is exciting,
but keep in mind
you'll be graded up
until July 31st.
[JIRO]
As far as grades go,
Akari and I are on
the right track.
But we're ending the term with
a lot of junk left unresolved.
It wouldn't be fair to her
to let this drag on
into the second term.
I wonder what Shiori's
doing for summer break.
I bet she'll probably
go home in August.
[JIRO]
Room and board included?
[KAMO]
Hells to the yeah.
It's this big,
pop-up shop thing.
Some new campaign
for my blood bro's work.
They're short-staffed
and it's for three days,
so I thought I might as well.
Wow. You're all in on this, huh?
Bingo, bro. Ours is
not the only dimension
with limited-time summer stuff.
Ya boi needs some dough.
Thus, this interdimensional
spender took the bait.
Plus, the work will be easy.
I caught the vibe that they
just need extra hands.
Huh...
And since you have hands,
I applied for you, too.
For real?! There's no way I'm
socially competent enough
to serve real customers!
And the entire "living
with coworkers" thing
would be torture!
C'mon, as if I don't know!
Me! An introverted gazelle!
Them! Apex predator
party people!
How's a Kamo to thrive?
So why are you even going then?
Summer's my baby
Marin's season, bro!
And I'm not gonna be cheeks
out for the swimsuit gacha!
How better to prepare than
by acquiring some fat stacks!
Dude! I'd do anything for Marin!
Anything for her swimsuit!
[SHIORI]
Hiya. You dropped this.
[KAMO]
Uh--
Oh, thank you.
Shiori?
Uh, thank you.
[SHIORI]
You already said that, silly.
Wait, I know that flyer.
[JIRO]
Hm?
How funny! Mei and I just
applied for that exact job!
Thought we'd try
the part-time life.
[JIRO]
Wait, really?
Mm-hm! It's so short
that it doesn't conflict
with summer intensives!
I applied, too!
Small world, sis!
Oh my gosh, that's so fun!
Great minds, eh?
Preach! My servant's heart got
the better of me this summer.
My broski and I? We're gonna
work ourselves to the bone!
Shut up!
[SHIORI] Huh? Will you
be there, too, Jiro?
Uh, yeah.
Awesome! Now I'm
even more excited!
Let's give it our all!
Epic win.
[JIRO]
A live-in job with Shiori?
A live-in job with Shiori.
Aw, you mean ouchies,
you better leave my
friend Jiro alone or else!
I feel lonely in there. Would it
be okay if I slept with you?
My heart is pounding.
I can't sleep.
[JIRO]
Holy crap! I'm on fire!
My poor, virgin synapses!
They can't handle the sudden
influx of adrenaline!
[KAMO]
Jiro! Bro!
Huh? Wuzzup?
You have the deets, yeah?
I just got my wife's permission.
So, once your missus has
given you her blessing,
we'll be all good.
Right...
Bro, there's no way that
the gyaru gives a rip.
She'll use this
as a chance to do
the no pants dance
with some new guy.
Welcome home, hubby dearest,
care to join in?
Yes! Oh, how I would
care to join in!
Shut up, dude,
she's not like that.
[KAMO]
Interesting.
Ah, hope this job sheds some
light on your decision, Bromeo.
Huh? The what?
[KAMO]
Oh, nothing. Nothing at all.
[JIRO]
I'm home!
[JIRO] Akari? Oh, yeah,
she said she was going out.
[AKARI]
Welcome back, Jiro.
I thought you we're hanging
out with-- Ah! Hanging out!
[JIRO grunts]
Well? Be honest--
what do you think?
[JIRO gasping]
Think it's cute? [laughs]
Yo, earth to
captain tomato face.
Don't choke on your drool,
it's just a swimsuit.
[JIRO] You've gotta be
kidding me. Just a swimsuit?
That thing is not a swimsuit!
It's bazoonga floss and
that's being generous!
The squad is taking
a vacay to the beach.
I picked this bad boy out
with the girls today.
But your face says it
might be too risqué.
Good thing I'm a
genius and bought
two suits just to be safe.
You're, like, undressing me
with your eyes, perv.
[JIRO]
There's not much to undress.
Well, I find your lack
of fabric disturbing,
but who cares what I think.
[AKARI]
Blah, blah, boring, blah.
Check it. It's got the
cutest little bow. Look!
[JIRO grunting]
Creep-oo! Quit staring!
It's so gross! Heh!
You can't be serious,
you told me to look!
Also, I never said that
you could wear my hoodie.
Scared of my cooties?
Speaking of cooties, are you
gonna catch some on this trip,
or is it just girls?
Are guys coming?
[AKARI]
Why do you care? Jealous?
No, not at all.
I'd prefer there were guys.
I mean, if you plan to dress
so questionably, yeah.
Uh?
[JIRO]
Jeez, uh, I'm sorry.
Who am I to tell you what to do?
It's just freaky.
I don't think you'd be
as safe with only girls.
Hey. It's safe. It's for a job.
A job?
It's just a quick gig at
this café near the beach.
Starting next Friday, we'll
be staying there for a few.
Funny. Must be a lot of
jobs like that popping up.
This actually works out
pretty great because,
believe it or not,
I got a live-in job, too.
No way, Jiro with a job?
I can't picture that.
Honestly, neither can I.
But Kamo's kinda forcing me, so.
[AKARI]
Aw, bestie westies.
It sounds weird when you
say it like that. Jeez.
Oh. Also. Shiori will be there.
[gasps]
[JIRO]
She and Hamano applied together.
You're busting your butt
to be with Tenjin,
so I thought, hey, I might
as well make some moves,
too, y'know, while we
have the time.
[AKARI]
Gotcha. That makes more sense.
I'm glad you're chasin'
the dream. What a relief!
I was worried if I left,
you'd sit here in the dark
by yourself.
I was legit debating
not going because of it.
[JIRO]
Really? Sorry.
[AKARI] Guess this means
we'll be apart for a little bit.
[JIRO]
Yeah, guess so.
Well? Are you sad?
Huh? Why would I be sad?
Oh, no doy.
With Sakurazaka coming,
what's there to be sad about?
That's cold, dude,
I see how it is.
What is it you want from me?
[AKARI]
Say you'll miss me, dumb-dumb.
Say it! Husbands are
supposed to miss wives!
You need to chill!
The job is only going
to last for three days
and then we'll be busy
with our families
for the whole freakin'
month of August!
[AKARI] Yeah, that's like
a lifetime, dude! Say it!
I'm gonna need you to calm down
and get the hell
off me right now!
[AKARI]
I dunno.
Tell me what I wanna hear,
and I'll consider.
Can't you just say
you'll miss me?
[JIRO] Hey! Why are you
undulating? No undulating!
Swallow your stupid pride!
Say it! Say it!
Ahhh! Get! Off! Me!
[AKARI] You're making me
feel lonely for real.
[AKARI]
Lemme recharge.
[JIRO]
Booty!
[JIRO] It's in the air.
The time has come.
Kay, I'm all charged up!
We aren't gonna earn any
points for, like, three days.
Might as well get 'em in
while we can, ya feel?
I feel. Also,
are you planning on
changing out of that
contraption anytime soon?
Huh? So you don't like
my swimmy after all?
You know good and well
I didn't say that.
Dude, I have a backup,
so be honest with me.
Like it? Or not?
I mean, I can't say I hate it
or that it doesn't flatter you.
I am a guy. Yeah,
of course I like it.
[gasps, laughs]
In that case, I'm gonna
wear the other one! Oops!
What? After you
made me say all that?
Hey, we should take a beach
trip together sometime.
Huh?
[AKARI] This suit? I'll save.
It's for your eyes only.
[JIRO gasping]
It's lowkey sad a job
is the only thing
making you go out this summer.
You were planning on
holing up and playing
your dumb videogames, huh?
[JIRO]
You don't know me!
Just wait! I'll make
this summer rock.
Get ready, champ.
[JIRO] Don't have the braincells
to dissect that right now.
Huh?
Uh, are these flyers
just weirdly similar or...
[AKARI]
Hm?
[AKARI, JIRO]
What?!
Land ho, hoes!
[laughing]
[NATSUMI]
Yay! Beach with my beaches!
All this sun might melt my poor,
shadow-dweller eyes.
Dang, for a guy with melting
eyes, you look happy.
This summer will
be full of drama
and Mama Kamo will be in on it!
It's go time.
[MINAMI]
And finally, the lodging house!
We've got this place
all to ourselves
while we're working here.
Guys, we'll be over there.
And girls, your rooms
are all on that side.
He's, like, so in his element,
what a total dreamboat.
[MINAMI] Take a second
and drop off your stuff.
Then meet up at the
café for training.
--[GROUP] Okay.
--[KAMO] Okiedokay-artichoke-ay.
Yo, this is roomy.
And those look ultra comfy!
Oh whoa, what a view!
Ah, the ocean air!
[AKARI]
Heyo!
Don't waste your breath homie,
I promise you're not
gonna hear an echo.
I'm in love with you, Ryou!
Been here five minutes
and we've lost our minds.
Yo! I almost forgot,
I brought my deck of cards.
Let's play tonight!
Hey! You Down?
Yeah! We're down.
I like cards! Gin Rummy?
[NATSUMI]
We should bounce.
Wait, cute!
This fit's so adorable!
Agreed! I'm totally
hyped up to work meow!
No way this thing's the right
size. My button is, like, out.
[AKARI] It's summer, girl,
show it off! Think of the tips!
Sick nasty.
I don't know, this thing
isn't my style at all.
I would never
wear it in real life.
I agree it doesn't fit
your usual sporty look,
but I'm super happy
we get to match!
And you look cute,
just so y'know.
[gasps] Uh, thanks.
[BROTHER]
With that,
I hope the law around here
has been sufficiently laid.
Pretty soon we're
gonna split you up
into kitchen and floor crews.
If you have a
preference either way,
grab an employee during our
lunch break and let 'em know.
[GROUP]
Kay.
Bro, I'm seriously glad
I dragged you here--
this place is so cool and
stylish it makes me feel
all insecure deep inside
my Kamo heart.
I can tell, you put
some legitimate effort
into that outfit you wore here.
I'd never seen
that stuff before.
[KAMO]
Weirdly enough, my big bro
actually bought it
for me a while back.
He gave it to me and was like,
"take a lesson
from my kindness."
Jeez, I don't know who
inflated that jerk's ego.
[MINAMI, TERAFUNE sneeze]
[KAMO]
Here's the dealio.
I think I could have a real
chance with one of the gyarus!
So, I gotta be on my top game!
Good thing this morning's
fortune won ya boi
a hand-knotted misanga bracelet.
Females lose their minds over
this arts and crafts stuff.
Plus, crafty girls are
good with their hands.
[JIRO]
Two whole nights with Shiori
and we're not even married.
Even though I kinda
stumbled into this job,
it could be my chance.
What're you gonna choose, Jiro?
Team kitchen or team floor?
Kitchen, I think.
Floor sounds tough, so yeah.
Cool, then maybe I'll sign
up for team kitchen, too.
I'd like to work with
somebody that I know.
So, uh, let's work in the
kitchen together, then.
Cool?
[JIRO]
Is this real life?
Yeah, cool.
[AKARI]
Hmmm.
You all good?
Yeah!
Lower right.
I see! Thank you!
Thanks for paying attention
and learning so fast.
You're making
my life a lot easier.
[AKARI]
Is this real life?
Once you charge their
card and give it back.
[AKARI] Ooo! I give them
the receipt, yeah?
[SACHI]
Question.
[NATSUMI] Can toppings be added
to this one, too? Dude!
Hey! I'm raising my
hand over here, Teach!
Hm? Heh...
Aw, cute Akari would, like,
totally bust over this one!
Wait a sec, which one?
Pranked ya!
You are, like, stupidly
easy to read, my man.
Plain stupid, too.
Hey! If you're gonna be mean,
then I'm not gonna train you!
Whoa, unclench, dude!
Sisters don't dig
uptight misters.
[TERAFUNE grunts]
Poor baby. Must totally
suck that the person
you're in love with is
in love with your bestie.
What happens if they
start dating for real?
They might.
You're wrong about that.
[SACHI]
How're you so sure?
Uh, my gut.
[SACHI] You're tiny, there's
no room in there for guts.
Just spill the beans.
Well, that cut deep.
Tell us everything that you
know, or kitty will go craycray!
Nothing's scarier than this
chick once she bears her claws.
They're so loud.
What could be that exciting?
Sounds like a lot of fun!
I'm sorry that I got
you stuck back here
working the kitchen with me.
Oh, please!
The number one reason
I'm here is to
hang out with you.
You're the best.
Best, huh? I'm pretty
sure you think "the best"
is standing over there.
[SHIORI]
Mei! Hush up!
[MEI] I don't get how
that doof's intimidating.
You need to show him
you're not a kid anymore.
It's random you're both here,
but also the perfect chance!
Escape the
"childhood friend" crap!
This summer is
clutch time, dude!
[SHIORI grunts]
[MEI]
Yakuin!
Sorry to bug ya.
Could you get that
thing up there for us?
Shiori can't quite reach.
Uh, sorry? It's way up there.
Could you help me get it down?
Sure. What?
Oh, uh. Just this syrup.
[SHIORI grunting]
Jiro?
Huh? Sorry, spaced out!
Syrup, right?
Yeah.
[MEI]
You've got this, Shiori.
[KAMO] Bro! Hang on,
I gotta show my boy my new soap!
Hey, if you have a minute,
could you help me move
these boxes real quick?
Of course.
Kamo at your service.
Uh?
A misanga bracelet.
Do you fancy the arts
and the crafts?
[MEI]
Huh?
[KAMO grunts]
Sincerest apologies, ma'am.
Thanks a bunch
for your help, Jiro.
[JIRO]
No! Thank you.
[JIRO] Moron! What are you
even thanking her for?
Hm?
This is the kind we're supposed
to put whipped cream on, right?
Uh-huh! Wanna practice with me?
[JIRO] I'm having a
hard time getting it in.
It's fine. I mean, this is
your first time, isn't it?
Uh, yeah.
You'll be great!
Just try to take it
slow and gentle.
That's it. Trace around
the edge super softly.
And when you're ready,
put it in.
In my opinion, there's
no need to rush anything.
It's best if you
go nice and slow.
I think I get it. Like this?
[SHIORI]
Yup, it's in there now.
Good. Now keep it there
and slowly press.
[gasps] Don't rush, silly.
That's perfect.
[SHIORI] It might be
even better if you went in
a teensy bit deeper. Like this.
[JIRO gasps]
[SHIORI squeaks]
Aw. Well, that was quick!
Uh! Oh my gosh.
I'm so sorry! My bad!
[SHIORI laughs] You gave
yourself a little mustache!
Don't laugh!
You've got it all over your
face, too, by the way!
Huh? Wait, I do? Where?
Well, it's not
where you're wiping.
[laughs] Chill,
or you'll make it worse!
Aw... I'm embarrassed.
Please, just wipe it off.
Help, Jiro.
[gasping] Tickly!
[JIRO] Sorry, Shiori,
but I need you to hold still.
[SHIORI]
Jiro's hands. They're so warm.
Escape the
"childhood friend" crap!
This summer is clutch time!
Okay, I'm pretty sure that
you're whipped cream free now.
[MEI]
This summer is clutch time!
[SHIORI]
Hey, Jiro?
Look at me.
Please. Actually look.
Shiori?
Jiro, I, uh...
You look scared. What's wrong?
[SHIORI gasping]
[BOTH]
Hm?
[SHIORI screams]
[JIRO yelling]
Sorry to barge in on whatever
you were in the middle of,
we'll be out of your hair
once Natsumi remembers
what size we were
supposed to get.
I so forgot that shiz.
I say we just bring all of them.
[SHIORI]
He seemed super weirded out!
He must think I'm disgusting.
[JIRO] Well, she hated every
second of that. I blew it.
[NATSUMI]
Leaving for real now!
Knock yourselves out. Heh.
Oh, gosh. Sorry!
No, I'm sorry.
[JIRO] Don't lose it, me.
Everything's fine.
There's plenty of
time left on the trip.
[SHIORI] I got super close
to telling him, Mei.
It's okay. Summer's only
just started after all.
[JIRO]
Everything's going to be fine.
We're older now, and it's not
like she's leaving again.
[JIRO] But here on out, if I
want to get closer to Shiori,
there's no way things
can stay the way they are.
It's this "childhood
friends" label.
I've held onto it for too long!
[KAMO]
Heyo, bro!
Uh?
Got a swimsuit? Or two?
Huh?
I love the beach!
I love getting tan!
I love fish!
My shadow-dwelling
eyes are restored!
What a glorious view we
have ourselves today.
Say that again.
[KAMO] Oh, to be at
the beach surrounded by
the cream of the crop!
It's times like this I'm
reminded how good it feels
to be alive!
[JIRO]
Yeah, but it's pretty evident
we're the outsiders here.
[KAMO] I have to say,
Akari's one-piece look
is throwing me for a total loop.
I'm a devout fan of her typical
"let it all hang out" style,
but I guess this is
cute in its own way.
[JIRO gasping]
This suit? I'll save.
It's for your eyes only.
[JIRO]
No way she was serious.
She wouldn't do that.
Would she?
No, brain. Not a chance.
[SHIORI] Wait a minute.
Where are your swimsuits?
Don't wanna take the plunge?
You can't swim, huh?
[BOTH laugh]
Please! We can swim like fish,
we just didn't think
we'd have free time,
so we didn't pack suits.
But we still thought we'd come
down and check out the ocean.
By "check out the ocean,"
do you mean "check out
all the girls' nasty bits?"
Blas-phem-y!
Those bits are not nasty!
They're sacred! Thanks for
blessing our lowly eyes!
[JIRO]
You moron!
I don't quite get what
you mean, but, you, uh...
You wanna go over
there together?
It could be fun!
[JIRO gasps]
[KAMO gasps]
[MEI gasps]
[KAMO, MEI, JIRO]
A hotel?!
[AKARI]
Okay, fit number one!
[NATSUMI]
Mee-yow!
[SACHI] The twins are out
and ready to play.
[NATSUMI] That's, like, yarn,
girl, what if it comes untied?
[SACHI]
Who cares? That'll give her boyf
the perfect opportunity
to protect her!
[AKARI] Yeah, somehow, I don't
think he'd be that considerate.
[AKARI]
Yo...
[NATSUMI]
Who wouldn't be considerate?
[AKARI]
Chill, it was hypothetical!
[NATSUMI, SACHI]
Next time,
[SACHI]
"'Already' Has Passed,"
[NATSUMI]
"But Not 'Yet.'"